
	 An integrated development environment (IDE) or interactive development environment is a software 
	application that provides comprehensive facilities to computer programmers for software development. 
	An IDE normally consists of a source code editor, build automation tools and a debugger. Most modern 
	IDEs offer Intelligent code completion features.
	 Some IDEs contain a compiler, interpreter, or both, such as Net Beans and Eclipse; others do not, 
	such as SharpDevelop and Lazarus. The boundary between an integrated development environment and other 
	parts of the broader software development environment is not well-defined. Sometimes a version control 
	system and various tools are integrated to simplify the construction of a GUI. Many modern IDEs also 
	have a class browser, an object browser, and a class hierarchy diagram, for use in object-oriented 
	software development.

	 Some IDEs are dedicated to a specific programming language, allowing a feature set that most closely 
	matches the programming paradigms of the language. However, there are many multiple-language IDEs, 
	such as Eclipse, ActiveState Komodo, IntelliJ IDEA, Oracle JDeveloper, NetBeans, Codenvy and 
	Microsoft Visual Studio. 
	 Xcode, Xojo and Delphi are dedicated to a closed language or set of programming languages.

	Eclipce  - is the best alternative if you are not a big fan of Microsoft’s Visual Studio. 
		The interface is a lot cleaner and concise than Visual Studio and the languages that are 
		possible to use extend past the .Net Framework. Besides being the number on way to develop 
		Android applications via the Android SDK, it is fully extensible to use languages such as Ruby, 
		C, C++ and many many more.

	NetBean  - is the number one alternative to Eclipse. This program is extensible and free, and it 
		compiles code which is a bonus. When installing Netbeans it comes with a Java server called 
		GlassFish that you could deploy on your computer for your testing environment.

	Code::Blocks - is a free C, C++ and Fortran IDE built to meet the most demanding needs of its users. 
		It is designed to be very extensible and fully configurable.

	Eclipse  - is an integrated development environment (IDE). It contains a base workspace and an 
		extensible plug-in system for customizing the environment. Written mostly in Java, Eclipse 
		can be used to develop applications. By means of various plug-ins, Eclipse may also be used 
		to develop applications in other programming languages: Ada, C, C++, COBOL, Fortran, Haskell, 
		JavaScript, Lasso, Perl, PHP, Python, R, Ruby (including Ruby on Rails framework), Scala, 
		Clojure, Groovy, Scheme, and Erlang. 

	Visual Studio  - has an advantage when it comes to programming. This IDE is mostly used by corporate 
		programmers to produce .NET code. Sometimes people want to try the product without investing 
		thousands of dollars first, so Microsoft has the Express editions for all of their products. 
		This makes it perfect for casual users that want to hack out some code as a hobby or programmers 
		who need a free solution to code in C#. Be warned though, if the application developed by someone 
		using the express versions of Visual Studio takes off and starts making money it would not be 
		surprising to see big brother step in and start asking questions.
	
	Notepad++

	PHPed
	
	Vim 