	
	Programming Language Rankings: January 2014

    01.JavaScript
    02.Java
    03.PHP
    04.C#
    05.Python
    06.C++
    07.Ruby
    08.C
    09.Objective-C
    10.CSS (new)
    11.Perl
    12.Shell
    13.Scala
    14.Haskell
    15.R
    16.Matlab
    17.Clojure
    18.CoffeeScript
    19.Visual Basic
    20.Groovy

	Rankings by numbers of StackOverflow tagged questions and number of GitHub projects
	More data: http://www.dataists.com/2010/12/ranking-the-popularity-of-programming-langauges/
    
    01. - JavaScript (JS) is a dynamic computer programming language.It is most commonly used as part 
        of web browsers, whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, 
        control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed.
        It is also being used in server-side programming, game development and the creation of desktop and 
        mobile applications.
        JavaScript is a prototype-based scripting language with dynamic typing and has first-class functions. 
	Its syntax was influenced by C. JavaScript copies many names and naming conventions from Java, but the 
	two languages are otherwise unrelated and have very different semantics. 

    02. - Java is a computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, and 
	specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. It is intended to let 
	application developers "write once, run anywhere" (WORA), meaning that code that runs on one platform 
	does not need to be recompiled to run on another.

    03. - PHP is a server-side scripting language designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose 
	programming language. PHP code is interpreted by a web server with a PHP processor module, which generates 
	the resulting web page. PHP commands can be embedded directly into an HTML source document rather than 
	calling an external file to process data. It has also evolved to include a command-line interface 
	capability and can be used in standalone graphical applications. PHP is free software released under the 
	PHP License. PHP can be deployed on most web servers and also as a standalone shell on almost every 
	operating system and platform, free of charge.

    04. - C# is a multi-paradigm programming language encompassing strong typing, imperative, declarative, 
	functional, procedural, generic, object-oriented (class-based), and component-oriented programming 
	disciplines.  C# is one of the programming languages designed for the Common Language Infrastructure. 
	C# is built on the syntax and semantics of C++, allowing C programmers to take advantage of .NET and the 
	common language runtime. The C# language is an object-oriented language that is aimed at enabling 
	programmers to quickly build a wide range of applications for the Microsoft .NET platform. 
	The goal of C# and the .NET platform is to shorten development time by freeing the developer from 
	worrying about several low level plumbing issues such as memory management, type safety issues, building 
	low level libraries, array boundschecking , etc. thus allowing developers to actually spend their time 
	and energy working on their application and business logic instead. The previous sentence could be 
	described as "a short description of the Java language and platform" if the words C# 
	and the .NET platform were replaced with words Java and the Java platform.

    05. - Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language. Its design philosophy 
	emphasizes code readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of 
	code than would be possible in languages such as C. The language provides constructs intended to enable 
	clear programs on both a small and large scale.
	Python supports multiple programming paradigms, including object-oriented, imperative and functional 
	programming or procedural styles. It features a dynamic type system and automatic memory management and 
	has a large and comprehensive standard library.
